br: cluster in-place upgrade to v7.2.0 might encounter cross-version faulure. (#20346)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-overview.md

> **Note:**
>

> > Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, some system table fields in newly created clusters are case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding system table fields remain case-insensitive. Backup and restore operations involving system tables between these two types of clusters might fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, fields of some system tables in newly created clusters become case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding fields remain case-insensitive. Restore with system tables from backup taken from clusters with those case-insensitive fields to clusters with the case-sensitive fields or vise verse will fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).
```

> The following table lists the compatibility matrix for full backups. Note that all data in the table comes from newly created clusters.

Reviewer: for clusters upgraded from version prior to v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or above, their behavior is as of backup from v7.1.0.

> **Note:**
>
> Known issue: in v7.2.0, some system table fields are changed to case-sensitive, which might cause cross-version backup and restore failures. For more details, see [issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).

> > For clusters below v7.2.0 upgraded in-place to v7.2.0 and above, the case sensitivity settings of the corresponding system tables remain unchanged. Backup/Restore to other clusters versions above v7.2.0 might cause cross-version failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For clusters upgraded in-place to v7.2.0 or later from versions earlier than v7.2.0, the case sensitivity settings of the corresponding system tables remain unchanged. Backing up or restoring to other versions later than v7.2.0 might result in cross-version failures.
```

> > Known issue: in v7.2.0, some system table fields are changed to case-sensitive, which might cause cross-version backup and restore failures. For more details, see [issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).
> > For clusters below v7.2.0 upgraded in-place to v7.2.0 and above, the case sensitivity settings of the corresponding system tables remain unchanged. Backup/Restore to other clusters versions above v7.2.0 might cause cross-version failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, some system table fields in newly created clusters are case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding system table fields remain case-insensitive. Backup and restore operations involving system tables between these two types of clusters might fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).
```

| v7.5.0    | v7.5.0 and later | -                 |
| v8.1.0    | v8.1.0 and later | -                 |

> The following table lists the compatibility matrix for log backups. Note that all data in the table comes from newly created clusters.

Reviewer: for clusters upgraded from version prior to v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or above, their behavior is as of backup from v7.1.0.
